README.md, before:

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/jeremy159/datamize-server/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=NZ84G7KHIM)](https://codecov.io/gh/jeremy159/datamize-server)
![CI Build](https://github.com/jeremy159/datamize-server/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)
![CI Tests](https://github.com/jeremy159/datamize-server/actions/workflows/tests.yml/badge.svg)

# Datamize

A server that gets data from a budget app (in this case YNAB) and exposes some useful data formating through its API.

## Setup

There is currently one secret to setup, with docker secrets.
But first, you need to make sure docker is running in swarm mode. \
You can check if it's running by entering `docker info`. If it is inactive
you can initialize it with `docker swarm init`.

Next you need to create a text file (that should NOT be commited) and paste inside your YNAB Personnal Access Token (PAT).

Once you have that token in a file, run `docker secret create ynab_pat ynab_pat.txt`.

And that's it, you should be able to run the server with access to YNAB's API.

## Development Status

- [x] Better computation & representation of Budgeters
- [x] Better computation & representation of Expenses
- [x] Better representation of Net Totals
- [x] Improved Error logs
- [x] Better representation of Financial Resource throughout years
- [ ] Oauth with YNAB
- [ ] Saving User Preferences in the DB
- [ ] Better handling of newly deleted elements from YNAB's API
- [ ] Better handling of different budget

Commit message:

Fix docker build using image which was missing some libs for server to run.

README.md, after:

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/jeremy159/datamize-server/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=NZ84G7KHIM)](https://codecov.io/gh/jeremy159/datamize-server)
![CI Build](https://github.com/jeremy159/datamize-server/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)
![CI Tests](https://github.com/jeremy159/datamize-server/actions/workflows/tests.yml/badge.svg)

# Datamize

A server that gets data from a budget app (in this case YNAB) and exposes some useful data formating through its API.

## Setup

There is currently one secret to setup, with docker secrets.
But first, you need to make sure docker is running in swarm mode. \
You can check if it's running by entering `docker info`. If it is inactive
you can initialize it with `docker swarm init`.

Next you need to create a text file (that should NOT be commited) and paste inside your YNAB Personnal Access Token (PAT).

Once you have that token in a file, run `docker secret create ynab_pat ynab_pat.txt`.

And that's it, you should be able to run the server with access to YNAB's API.

## Development Status

- [x] Better computation & representation of Budgeters
- [x] Better computation & representation of Expenses
- [x] Better representation of Net Totals
- [x] Improved Error logs
- [x] Better representation of Financial Resource throughout years
- [ ] Explore building html page from the server instead of having a separate frontend application duplicating the work.
- [ ] Oauth with YNAB
- [ ] Saving User Preferences in the DB
- [ ] Better handling of newly deleted elements from YNAB's API
- [ ] Better handling of different budget
